add pretrained model description and saving disk description (#5383)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _query-dsl/specialized/neural-sparse.md

:--- | :--- | :--- 
`query_text` | String | Required | The query text from which to generate vector embeddings. 
`model_id` | String | Required | The ID of the sparse encoding model or tokenizer model that will be used to generate vector embeddings from the query text. The model must be deployed in OpenSearch before it can be used in sparse neural search. For more information, see [Using custom models within OpenSearch]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/ml-framework/) and [Semantic search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/semantic-search/).

> `max_token_score` | Float | Optional | The theoretical upper bound of the score for all tokens in the vocabulary (required for performance optimization). For our pretrained model, we suggest 2 for `amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-encoding-doc-v1` and 3.5 for `amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-encoding-v1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`max_token_score` | Float | Optional | The theoretical upper bound of the score for all tokens in the vocabulary (required for performance optimization). For OpenSearch-provided [pretrained sparse embedding models]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/pretrained-models/#sparse-encoding-models), we recommend setting `max_token_score` to 2 for `amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-encoding-doc-v1` and 3.5 for `amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-encoding-v1`.
```

> `max_token_score` | Float | Optional | The theoretical upper bound of the score for all tokens in the vocabulary (required for performance optimization). For OpenSearch-provided [pretrained sparse embedding models]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/pretrained-models/#sparse-encoding-models), we recommend setting `max_token_score` to 2 for `amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-encoding-doc-v1` and 3.5 for `amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-encoding-v1`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`max_token_score` | Float | Optional | The theoretical upper bound of the score for all tokens in the vocabulary (required for performance optimization). For OpenSearch-provided [pretrained sparse embedding models]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/pretrained-models/#sparse-encoding-models), we recommend setting `max_token_score` to 2 for `amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-encoding-doc-v1` and to 3.5 for `amazon/neural-sparse/opensearch-neural-sparse-encoding-v1`.
```
